# Capgemini Project

**Introduction**➖

Hi name !

Thank you for this opportunity to have a interview for this position with the company.

I am Sneha Patil , recently I moved to the Ireland with my Husband, currently I Stamp 1G Spouse visa. I worked 1.8 years for Capgemini as a Software Developer.

**What is your weakness?**

I think being an introvert can be a disadvantage for me sometimes.

**What is your strength?**

i learn 

**Capgemini Project** ➖

I joined Capgemini as a full stack developer, there I had 3 to 4 months of training on full stack. I did couple of projects with springboot in the backend, angular in the frontend and sql for database. After completion of training , I got assigned to the project within a month which was financial service based application. We started working on it but unfortunately that project got discontinued.

After some days I got assigned to the another project which was customer service based application for UK based client. Initially we worked on some bug fixes and then we  started working on couple of tasks like 

1) Available credit details

2)Add and delete auth buyer funtionality 

- In  Available credit details there were 3 subtasks
1. credit limit
2. owner of the credit card

1. credit limit will shows the credit limit and if credit limit exceeds then chrages applies

1. owner of the credit card shows personal details of the owner 
- add authbuyer
- delete authbuyer

created method for add authorized buyer to invite a new individual to access the Authorized Buyer.

```
When we create a add method, its state is set to INVITED, and sends an invitation email.
Then the individual must click ACCEPT INVITATION to gain access to the Authorized Buyers.

and created a delete method for delete the account permanently.

```

When I joined capgemini I got assigned to the project. So It’s been more than a year now ,so I thought it’s better to explain about  one of my personal projects.

 It’s a Health Care System. In this project I have used Spring boot for java development API and Hibernate which provides the mappings that we add between objects and tables.
It ensures that data is stored/retrieved from the database based on the mappings. and Junit for Unit testing.

 this is the project of the system consists of various diagnostic centers, with their own tests.. The system can be accessed  by the Admin and the customer . Admin has control over adding, removing and updating diagnostic centers and the tests under them.and Customer needs to register and ha can makes an appointment after selecting a proper date-time as well as the test and diagnostic center. The appointment will be confirmed only after the admin approves it. 

**Class description and role:**

1.Diagnostic center : Each center will be created by a admin. 

2.Blood Test : Each test will be present under diagnostic center.

3.Appointment : Each appointment will have information of the user and the test, for the diagnostic center. Each appointment has to be approved by the admin.

4.User : Depending on the type of user, a user role specific menu will be shown.

**Flow of the project:**

In this project Customer will register by providing Username, password, Phone number and role will be default as customer.  Once User registered ,he gets list of diagnostic centers, and he selects one of them . After selecting center, user can select the test he wants from the list of available tests in that center. He can 

After submission of the form , the new appointment will be added in the appointment list. So that admin can approve it. and After he can view the apppointment. results are avilable

Admin has to login with correct credentials. once he logged in he can approve appointment, and update when the results are available.  add center, remove center, add and remove test.

**Testing**

In this project I have used Junit testing which is an open source Unit [Testing](https://www.guru99.com/software-testing.html) 
Framework for JAVA.

Unit Testing is used to identify defects early in software development cycle.

Health care System for health care administrators to handle diagnostic centers and patients blood test appointments and results.
Using Login endpoint to start a session, Admin can create and update diagnostic centers  information. And then look at the update test reports. Patient Appointment can also be created and modified using the API’s.

This project has a 4 classes of end points